okay you're looking at the center - out
of it all three BMW 745 Li on a previous
video we went ahead and show you how to
remove the center console here the ghost
it goes across okay so if you need to
learn how to remove that look at our
video history and you should be able to
find it anyhow in order to remove the
climate control and the city player you
need to have the center console off so
be sure to watch that video anyhow once
the center dash has been taken off in
order to remove all these items it's
just a matter of using a Philips
screwdriver
okay and it's supposed to go in order
pretty much what you need to do if you
want to remove the climate control you
need to remove the city player here
first and the bolts they're found
there's one here - and I believe it is
three and four and those are just
regular screw Phillips screws once those
come off you need to basically remove
this cover here on the right side of the
steering wheel this is where the key
goes in okay and this cover here is also
held by two screws one there and one
there okay
once those come off then you're able to
go ahead and remove the climate control
okay the reason why if I'm moving closer
as you can see this cover here is
overlapping this cover here so just
imagine that this was their here
screwdriver same thing here
screwdriver here and you're trying to
pull this out it's not going to come out
okay so I go ahead and to remove the
screws already so if you wanted to know
how to remove the CD player here which
that's what it is
remove the screws and all you have to do
is pull it up see that the CD six CD
changer and all you're going to do is
just connect the plugs in the back and
you're set right there to remove this
here this cover remove the two screws
and all you got to do is pop it out okay
see see this little let me point it out
this notch right there right there
it's basically being held right there
you can see what I'm pointing out so
it's just a matter of pulling it out
okay so once those two tabs are removed
then you can just go ahead and take your
hand there's also a clip here looks like
this right there just pop it out this
should pop out and then it just you can
just go ahead and take your hand let's
push it out from the back disconnect all
the cables back here and you're pretty
much ready to replace this unit if it's
faulty okay so that's how it's taken off
city changer key holder okay so I hope
this helps you have any further
questions go ahead and contact us also
if you need any of these parts interior
parts be sure to check out our eBay
store and you can find the link post it
on our home page on the top right hand
corner okay check it out you'll be
surprised in terms of our inventory and
check out our reviews as well anyhow
thanks for watching be my merchants
out